title: 2022 LBEP
permalink: /showcase/2022/LBEP2022/
description: ""
third_nav_title: "2022"

From the 30th November to 1st December, students from the AH classes of 2022 and 2023 participated in the Local-Based Enrichment Programme (LBEP) as part of the Humanities Scholars Programme, organised by Mr Mori Toshiyuki, Mrs Geetha Creffield, Mrs Roberta Tan and Ms Annabel Tan.

Singapore has been at the vanguard of sustainable development, spearheading various initiatives in the realm of environmental sustainability with the hopes that this island nation may one day be known as a “City in a Garden”, and a global role model on how to build up a city while still preserving the natural ecosystem in the area. 

During the programme, students had the pleasure of listening to keynote speaker Mr Yeo Meng Tong as he shared about Singapore’s past, present and future journey towards becoming a world leader in integrating towering city infrastructure with lush, abundant greenery. Mr Yeo’s immense experience as an architect and personal contribution to Singapore’s green development allowed him to share eye-opening insight on the various innovations and strategies the city state has championed to one day be known as the “World's Greenest City”. 

After Mr Yeo’s insightful lecture, students were then able to experience firsthand the fruits of Singapore’s environmental development through the guided tours of Sungei Buloh Wetland Reserve and Gardens By The Bay. There, the guides’ knowledge on the myriad of flora and fauna seen during the trip enabled students to garner new understandings of Singapore’s biodiverse ecosystem.

Following that, the creative writing workshop hosted by external speaker Ms Verena Tay taught students how to articulate what they had learnt over the past two days descriptively and expressively. Last but not least, Ms Annabel Tan closed off the programme with a Zine workshop which gave students a novel avenue to display their creativity and imagination.  

All in all, the programme proved an invaluable experience to the students, as they were able to personally witness Singapore’s journey and development as a City in a Garden outside of the confines of a classroom. 

Finally, the students that participated in the Local-Based Enrichment Programme would like to extend their sincere gratitude and appreciation to Mr Mori Toshiyuki, Mrs Geetha Creffield, Ms Annabel Tan and Mrs Roberta Tan for planning and accompanying them on the trip, the school for giving them the opportunity to experience such a programme, as well as the external speakers and guides for sharing their insights with the students.

_To God be the Glory, The Best is Yet to Be!_

Written by
Samuel Siaw Shiming
2AH



